hello how are you doing i hope you're
having a lovely day
i feel like it's been a minute hasn't it
like especially since i've done anything
like activewear
haul type thing on my channel so today
i'm going to be bringing you a
gymshark new releases their new adapt
seamless range i'm going to be
showing you and trying everything on
talking you through everything they've
got a bunch of new colors
and like just a new range i've been
feeling like my channel just needs like
a little bit of like an active wear haul
i get a few questions on instagram
asking like what my faves are and stuff
and these will all be live
7 p.m this evening for you to shop
so in terms of like jim shark leggings
they basically
invented the whole seamless legging they
know what they're doing
they're always improving so i'm gonna
start
with potentially my favorite
which is going in bold but um anyway so
this is the new adapt animal this is the
mallow
purple color i've already worn this for
my leg day to make sure it was like
squat proof and everything
and just the nicest color i went to get
my nails done before
i went to the gym and my nail goes like
oh my god i love your leggings
so these are a new design and feel and
what i notice every day is like i don't
feel like there is compressive
um like the waistband is compressive but
then
down here is like a soft it's still like
a thicker material if that makes sense
like it's not like the mile
and then of course i still got the
scrunchy bum design which is one of my
favorite things i mentioned everything
that i've got is in a size small
and these are so true to size i don't
feel like i need to roll these ones over
at all like they just fit so nice they
didn't fall down like when i was
squatting i feel like these are going to
go so quick and then i got the matching
animal
mellow purple sports bra i got this in a
size more i do feel like
the sports bras like the crisscross
shapes do come up a little bit tighter
or like more compressive because they
are like a medium
support i personally don't really need
much support because i am
a member of the itty bitty committee
yeah i like to just mix and match
these leggings with more sort of like
strappy backs
and although i do obviously wear them
together but yeah i like yesterday
i mix and match i put a little video on
the screen like how i wore them if
you're someone with a slightly bigger
bust i'd say
these are just the nicest bras because
they do give you such a lift
also i would call it like a boob job
kind of bra with like the thick straps
and then obviously
around the back you've just got loads of
support as well as like the compressive
waistband so in terms of design
obviously
these two are exactly the same just
different colors and you can't go wrong
with black leggings like especially with
like
darker autumn winter coming up soon i
feel like these are such
a must-have i wear so much black
leggings in the winter
but i really like mixing it up like
especially with this because it's just a
different kind of design like you don't
really see anything like this i feel
like this is going to look so nice
in like as a set as well and obviously
they do
this in the long sleeve crop i don't
have that to show
you so yeah that is the animal and then
next up obviously i'm still i'm still
wearing
the mile i feel like i'm gonna end up
saying everything's my favorite in this
video
but um this is the black mile color
now i just love the mark collection they
brought out a bunch of new colors
but powder blue which is what i'm
wearing here
moss gray mellow purple and
black like a mile is kind of like in
between it's like a speckly black and
gray
i remember when i first saw this spot
sports brows a bit like
i couldn't really get my head around it
because it's obviously it's like two in
one
but i just think it's so flattering and
so comfy
like the back of this is just my
absolute favorite
these are always my like go-to uh sports
bras for like any sort of upper body day
back day you name it
um and i just love like the strappy
detail but again because it's like a
double
in one you've no problem like about
support but i would say this is more of
like a medium
low spot because it isn't as compressive
but um
i find these so comfy like it's like a
second skin kind of vibe
and so yeah this is obviously the powder
blue one why am i like lifting
everything up
they've got a bunch of new colors in the
mall and then
here is the marl black
leggings um i'll show this on the screen
now i just have to mention
so i noticed this this morning when i
wore this set for my upper body sesh
um like i had them actually i went to
the gym with them inside out
it was very early um and what i
noticed straight off was like i was like
why is there a theme
up the front and i was wearing them back
to front
but if you can see here there's like a
seam this is the back obviously
um which you can hinch up your
glutes area and i just think it is so
flattering
and it just creates like a bit of a lift
in terms of the material of these these
are like
definitely thinner than these ones like
these are definitely a thinner material
they're more kind of
stretchy and not as like sucky in
so yeah absolutely in love with this
like this powder blue is just the most
gorgeous color i feel like i want to
have every single color in this
collection
so here is the adapt seamless ls
crop top which is so lovely i've noticed
how this doesn't have like the thumb
dremel like some of the other ones have
the thumb holes which i actually prefer
because i never ended up using those
when i had this on i did feel like it
came up slightly like
higher up here like i felt like there
was a little bit of like space
here i don't know if that's just my
shoulders or like my personal shape
but i just thought i would mention that
um but the small was a really nice fit
definitely true to size
like sometimes these sports bras can be
like a bit too tight and you feel like
ugh whereas that wasn't this wasn't like
that at all
and so yeah i wouldn't say you don't
need to size up or size down for that
matter put this in a reel that i did
and i just think it's so cool it's
really sleek and like a classic
kind of look and then you've just got
the gymshark logo
here and that's it really like that's
one thing i'll always love about gym
sharks like they're not like
in your face it's like more subtle and
just like classic
so that's just to mention and then
lastly
but not least is the camo collection
which is just gorgeous
i've just noticed now actually so rather
than
jeremy in the last ones they had the
logo like
it was like embedded here whereas this
is just pressed
onto the side which i absolutely love
this blue color it's so vibrant and
so different like obviously this is the
more pastely kind of blue this is
definitely more compressive on
the waistband and more of a compressive
legging but not still you still have got
like that bit of stretch as you can see
and the beloved uh scrunch bum and these
are a really nice leg
leg really nice length on the leg and
then the matching
sports bra now i did quite like this um
i did quite like this together
however i would say i'm definitely going
to take out the
removable pads which i really like
obviously are removable
and just because i feel like it can
sometimes just
do something a bit weird to my boobs
in terms of like the animal and camo
there's literally like no difference
in the material just obviously different
print and color waves um but yeah really
compressive
around here and just similar to what i
mentioned on the other
shape in the camera the new colors are
luna blue obsidian
green and black sadly i don't have the
leggings to match but i'm definitely
enough to get my hands on them
and i love this like greeny color and i
have tried green in the past
and it's never just been like my bag
like just i haven't ever felt like
it suited me for some reason but i
really like this so everything i've
shown you is it some of it's like same
but different if you know what i mean
and i just love with everything that
i've picked up like i know we have to
like mix and match
so much with all of that and they're
just like classic designs
on a whole like gymshark quality
definitely speaks for itself
and i feel so comfortable like when i
wore
this mellow purple to the gym yesterday
i just felt like
that be but yeah i didn't want to go on
too much in this video i really hope
you enjoyed it just for any reference i
am five foot six and yes i picked up a
size small and everything
i will leave my gym shark link down
below all of this
will be live 7 p.m this evening bst
i can't wait to see you guys in these
some of these sets and
new colors i really hope you enjoyed
this video
and do let me know if you do shop
through my link so i can thank you
as it does support me and yeah i hope
you enjoyed this and i'll see you guys
in
the next video